docs/rules/no-mutable-public-property-of-construct.md, before:

---
title: eslint-cdk-plugin - no-mutable-public-property-of-construct
titleTemplate: ":title"
---

# no-mutable-public-property-of-construct

<div class="info-item">
  ✅ Using
  <a href="/rules/#recommended-rules">recommended</a>
  in an ESLint configuration enables this rule.
</div>
<div class="info-item">
  🔧 Some problems reported by this rule are automatically fixable by the
  <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/use/command-line-interface#--fix">
    --fix ESLint command line option
  </a>
</div>

This rule disallows making `public` properties of a CDK Construct mutable (i.e. disallow defining `public` properties without the `readonly` modifier).

Constructs often represent stateful AWS resources.
Making these `public` properties `readonly` helps prevent unintended modifications after the Construct has been instantiated, leading to more predictable and maintainable code.

Therefore, it is recommended to specify the `readonly` modifier for `public` properties.

---

#### 🔧 How to use

```js
// eslint.config.mjs
export default [
  {
    // ... some configs
    rules: {
      "cdk/no-mutable-public-property-of-construct": "error",
    },
  },
];
```

#### ✅ Correct Example

```ts
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { IBucket } from "aws-cdk-lib/aws-s3";

export class MyConstruct extends Construct {
  // ✅ public readonly properties are allowed
  public readonly bucket: IBucket;
}
```

#### ❌ Incorrect Example

```ts
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { IBucket } from "aws-cdk-lib/aws-s3";

export class MyConstruct extends Construct {
  // ❌ public properties should be readonly
  public bucket: IBucket;
}
```

Commit message:

docs:  make documentation more thorough and detailed  (#148)
* docs: add playground

* docs: update construct-constructor-property

* docs: update no-construct-in-interface

* docs: update no-construct-stack-suffix

* docs: update no-import-private

* docs: update "construct-constructor-property"

* docs: update "pascal-case-construct-id"

* docs: update "no-construct-in-public-property-of-construct"

* docs: update "no-construct-stack-suffix"

* docs: update "no-parent-name-construct-id-match"

* docs: update "no-parent-name-construct-id-match"

* docs: update "no-variable-construct-id"

* docs: update "pascal-case-construct-id"

* docs: update "props-name-convention"

* docs: update "require-passing-this"

* docs: update "require-props-default-doc"

* docs: update

* docs: update

* docs: update

* docs: update

* docs: update

docs/rules/no-mutable-public-property-of-construct.md, after:

---
title: eslint-cdk-plugin - no-mutable-public-property-of-construct
titleTemplate: ":title"
---

# no-mutable-public-property-of-construct

<div class="info-item">
  ✅ Using
  <a href="/rules/#recommended-rules">recommended</a>
  in an ESLint configuration enables this rule.
</div>
<div class="info-item">
  🔧 Some problems reported by this rule are automatically fixable by the
  <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/use/command-line-interface#--fix">
    --fix ESLint command line option
  </a>
</div>

This rule disallows making `public` properties of a CDK Construct mutable (i.e. disallow defining `public` properties without the `readonly` modifier).

Constructs often represent stateful AWS resources.
Making these `public` properties `readonly` helps prevent unintended modifications after the Construct has been instantiated, leading to more predictable and maintainable code.

Therefore, it is recommended to specify the `readonly` modifier for `public` properties.

(This rule applies only to classes that extends from `Construct` or `Stack`.)

---

#### 🔧 How to use

```js
// eslint.config.mjs
export default [
  {
    // ... some configs
    rules: {
      "cdk/no-mutable-public-property-of-construct": "error",
    },
  },
];
```

#### ✅ Correct Example

```ts
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { IBucket } from "aws-cdk-lib/aws-s3";

export class MyConstruct extends Construct {
  // ✅ public readonly properties are allowed
  public readonly bucket: IBucket;
}
```

#### ❌ Incorrect Example

```ts
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { IBucket } from "aws-cdk-lib/aws-s3";

export class MyConstruct extends Construct {
  // ❌ public properties should be readonly
  public bucket: IBucket;
}
```
