docs/rules/pascal-case-construct-id.md, before:

---
title: eslint-cdk-plugin - pascal-case-construct-id
titleTemplate: ":title"
---

# pascal-case-construct-id

<div class="info-item">
  ✅ Using
  <a href="/rules/#recommended-rules">recommended</a>
  in an ESLint configuration enables this rule.
</div>

<div class="info-item">
  🔧 Some problems reported by this rule are automatically fixable by the
  <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/use/command-line-interface#--fix">
    --fix ESLint command line option
  </a>
</div>

This rule enforces PascalCase for construct IDs.  
(This rule applies only to classes that extends from `Construct` or `Stack`.)

---

#### 🔧 How to use

```js
// eslint.config.mjs
export default [
  {
    // ... some configs
    rules: {
      "cdk/pascal-case-construct-id": "error",
    },
  },
];
```

#### ✅ Correct Example

```ts
import { Bucket } from "aws-cdk-lib/aws-s3";

// ✅ Can use PascalCase
const bucket = new Bucket(this, "MyBucket");
```

#### ❌ Incorrect Example

```ts
import { Bucket } from "aws-cdk-lib/aws-s3";

// ❌ Shouldn't use camelCase
const bucket = new Bucket(this, "myBucket");

// ❌ Shouldn't use snake_case
const bucket = new Bucket(this, "my_bucket");

// ❌ Shouldn't use kebab-case
const bucket = new Bucket(this, "my-bucket");
```

Commit message:

docs:  make documentation more thorough and detailed  (#148)
* docs: add playground

* docs: update construct-constructor-property

* docs: update no-construct-in-interface

* docs: update no-construct-stack-suffix

* docs: update no-import-private

* docs: update "construct-constructor-property"

* docs: update "pascal-case-construct-id"

* docs: update "no-construct-in-public-property-of-construct"

* docs: update "no-construct-stack-suffix"

* docs: update "no-parent-name-construct-id-match"

* docs: update "no-parent-name-construct-id-match"

* docs: update "no-variable-construct-id"

* docs: update "pascal-case-construct-id"

* docs: update "props-name-convention"

* docs: update "require-passing-this"

* docs: update "require-props-default-doc"

* docs: update

* docs: update

* docs: update

* docs: update

* docs: update

docs/rules/pascal-case-construct-id.md, after:

---
title: eslint-cdk-plugin - pascal-case-construct-id
titleTemplate: ":title"
---

# pascal-case-construct-id

<div class="info-item">
  ✅ Using
  <a href="/rules/#recommended-rules">recommended</a>
  in an ESLint configuration enables this rule.
</div>

<div class="info-item">
  🔧 Some problems reported by this rule are automatically fixable by the
  <a href="https://eslint.org/docs/latest/use/command-line-interface#--fix">
    --fix ESLint command line option
  </a>
</div>

This rule enforces writing Construct IDs in PascalCase.

Enforcing a consistent naming convention helps developers manage logical IDs more easily, and as a result, helps reduce the risk of unintentional logical ID collisions.

(This rule applies only to classes that extends from `Construct` or `Stack`.)

---

#### 🔧 How to use

```js
// eslint.config.mjs
export default [
  {
    // ... some configs
    rules: {
      "cdk/pascal-case-construct-id": "error",
    },
  },
];
```

#### ✅ Correct Example

```ts
import { Bucket } from "aws-cdk-lib/aws-s3";

// ✅ Can use PascalCase
const bucket = new Bucket(this, "MyBucket");
```

#### ❌ Incorrect Example

```ts
import { Bucket } from "aws-cdk-lib/aws-s3";

// ❌ Shouldn't use camelCase
const bucket = new Bucket(this, "myBucket");

// ❌ Shouldn't use snake_case
const bucket = new Bucket(this, "my_bucket");

// ❌ Shouldn't use kebab-case
const bucket = new Bucket(this, "my-bucket");
```
