docs/blog/2025-10-19.renamed-npm-package.md, before:

---
title: eslint-plugin-aws-cdk - Renamed npm package to eslint-plugin-aws-cdk
titleTemplate: Renamed npm package to eslint-plugin-aws-cdk
---

# Renamed npm package to eslint-plugin-aws-cdk

As of October 19, 2025, the npm package was renamed from `eslint-cdk-plugin` to `eslint-plugin-aws-cdk`.

While `eslint-cdk-plugin` will continue to be available, all future feature updates will be made to `eslint-plugin-aws-cdk`.  
(Security patches and bug fixes will still be applied to `eslint-cdk-plugin`)

Apologies for any inconvenience. Please consider migrating to `eslint-plugin-aws-cdk`.

## Version Information

- `eslint-cdk-plugin`: v3.x.x (final version)
- `eslint-plugin-aws-cdk`: v4.0.0 (initial release of the new package)

The new package starts at v4.0.0, following semantic versioning principles where the package name change constitutes a breaking change, thus warranting a major version update.

## Migration Steps

### 1. Uninstall the existing package

::: code-group

```sh [npm]
npm uninstall -D eslint-cdk-plugin
```

```sh [yarn]
yarn remove eslint-cdk-plugin
```

```sh [pnpm]
pnpm remove -D eslint-cdk-plugin
```

:::

### 2. Install the new package

::: code-group

```sh [npm]
npm install -D eslint-plugin-aws-cdk
```

```sh [yarn]
yarn add -D eslint-plugin-aws-cdk
```

```sh [pnpm]
pnpm install -D eslint-plugin-aws-cdk
```

:::

### 3. Update configuration file

```diff
-import cdkPlugin from "eslint-cdk-plugin";
+import cdkPlugin from "eslint-plugin-aws-cdk";
```

## Background of the Change

### Deviation from Naming Convention

In the ESLint ecosystem, it is an established convention for plugins to have the `eslint-plugin-` prefix. However, the old package name `eslint-cdk-plugin` deviated from this naming convention.

### Initial Naming Decision

The initial non-standard naming approach prioritized simplicity for the following reasons:

- `eslint-plugin-cdk` already existed in the npm registry
- In ESLint v9's Flat Config format, plugins are loaded as JavaScript modules, which relaxes the prefix constraints, and thus expected that this would have minimal impact on users even without following the naming convention

### Factors Necessitating the Change

#### 1. Compatibility with Oxlint

[Oxlint](https://oxc.rs/docs/guide/usage/linter.html) has gained attention as a fast linter with ESLint compatibility. To enable the project to be used with Oxlint, the package needs the `eslint-plugin-` prefix, as Oxlint only supports packages with this prefix (\*1).

#### 2. Continued Use of Legacy Config

Contrary to initial expectations, many projects still use the Legacy Config format from ESLint v8 and earlier. In these environments, plugins that don't follow standard naming conventions cannot be used (\*2).

<br />

After comprehensive consideration of these circumstances, adhering to standard naming conventions is essential to support a broader user base.

---

\*1. Reference: https://oxc.rs/docs/guide/usage/linter/plugins.html

\*2. While aliasing like `eslint-plugin-cdk@npm:eslint-cdk-plugin@latest` is possible as a workaround, it requires additional configuration

Commit message:

chore: rename package to eslint-plugin-awscdk (#261)
* chore: rename package to eslint-plugin-awscdk

* docs: update

* docs: update blog date

* docs: update og image

* chore: revert packagee version

docs/blog/2025-10-19.renamed-npm-package.md, after:

---
title: eslint-plugin-awscdk - Renamed npm package to eslint-plugin-awscdk
titleTemplate: Renamed npm package to eslint-plugin-awscdk
---

# Renamed npm package to eslint-plugin-awscdk

As of October 20, 2025, the npm package was renamed from `eslint-cdk-plugin` to `eslint-plugin-awscdk`.

Special thanks to [Cory Hall](https://github.com/corymhall) for kindly passing on the `eslint-plugin-awscdk` package name!

<br />

While `eslint-cdk-plugin` will continue to be available, all future feature updates will be made to `eslint-plugin-awscdk`.  
(Security patches and bug fixes will still be applied to `eslint-cdk-plugin`)

Apologies for any inconvenience. Please consider migrating to `eslint-plugin-awscdk`.

## Version Information

- `eslint-cdk-plugin`: v3.x.x (final version)
- `eslint-plugin-awscdk`: v4.0.0 (initial release of the new package)

The new package starts at v4.0.0, following semantic versioning principles where the package name change constitutes a breaking change, thus warranting a major version update.

## Migration Steps

### 1. Uninstall the existing package

::: code-group

```sh [npm]
npm uninstall -D eslint-cdk-plugin
```

```sh [yarn]
yarn remove eslint-cdk-plugin
```

```sh [pnpm]
pnpm remove -D eslint-cdk-plugin
```

:::

### 2. Install the new package

::: code-group

```sh [npm]
npm install -D eslint-plugin-awscdk
```

```sh [yarn]
yarn add -D eslint-plugin-awscdk
```

```sh [pnpm]
pnpm install -D eslint-plugin-awscdk
```

:::

### 3. Update configuration file

```diff
-import cdkPlugin from "eslint-cdk-plugin";
+import cdkPlugin from "eslint-plugin-awscdk";
```

## Background of the Change

### Deviation from Naming Convention

In the ESLint ecosystem, it is an established convention for plugins to have the `eslint-plugin-` prefix. However, the old package name `eslint-cdk-plugin` deviated from this naming convention.

### Initial Naming Decision

The initial non-standard naming approach prioritized simplicity for the following reasons:

- `eslint-plugin-cdk` and `eslint-plugin-awscdk` already existed in the npm registry
- In ESLint v9's Flat Config format, plugins are loaded as JavaScript modules, which relaxes the prefix constraints, and thus expected that this would have minimal impact on users even without following the naming convention

### Factors Necessitating the Change

#### 1. Compatibility with Oxlint

[Oxlint](https://oxc.rs/docs/guide/usage/linter.html) has gained attention as a fast linter with ESLint compatibility. To enable the project to be used with Oxlint, the package needs the `eslint-plugin-` prefix, as Oxlint only supports packages with this prefix (\*1).

#### 2. Continued Use of Legacy Config

Contrary to initial expectations, many projects still use the Legacy Config format from ESLint v8 and earlier. In these environments, plugins that don't follow standard naming conventions cannot be used (\*2).

<br />

After comprehensive consideration of these circumstances, adhering to standard naming conventions is essential to support a broader user base.

---

\*1. Reference: https://oxc.rs/docs/guide/usage/linter/plugins.html

\*2. While aliasing like `eslint-plugin-awscdk@npm:eslint-cdk-plugin@latest` is possible as a workaround, it requires additional configuration
